We are ready to start working
on our difficult design.
And I have here some screenshots for
how that will look.
We'll start here, this is the desktop
dimension for what we're building.
So you can see we've reused a lot
of things that we've already built.
So we've got some buttons
here we've already built.
We've got a couple of boxes
we've already built, but
we have some crazy new things
that are going on here.
You'll notice that our
tracklist has moved.
So we have a tracklist that
goes to the side of our album.
When we click the button there,
it's gonna fly out.
Wow, that's a whole thing.
Obviously these diamond pictures,
that's a whole thing to think about.
Here's how it's going to look on tablet,
all right?
Kinda the same thing all stacked up.
And then on mobile, notice our tracklist
does something completely different.
Instead of flying out to the side next
to our album it's gonna be down here and
open downwards pushing content
here down the page, make sense?
Now a lot of crazy things
that are going on here.
But a lot of things we can reuse.
So we can reuse our audio player,
for example, that's gonna stay.
We've pulled the images
out of our reviews and
we've replaced a couple of them
with lightning bolts, okay?
So, there's a couple of little
things in there like that.
So that is where we're headed
here in these designs, and
of course you can refer to these
screenshots at any point in time.
So where we're gonna start with this
is the so-called small elements.
And because this difficult design
has two major areas of focus,
which is gonna be that album cover and
the tracklist, and the diamond images.
So we're gonna spend a lot
of time on those two things.
But the rest of this, there's a lot
of stuff that's being reused.
So what I would like for you to do is I've
given you links to a bunch of stuff here.
What we're gonna do is we're
gonna build these pages here.
So, here's the mobile version of this,
we've got some reviews up here on the top.
On the tablet version, we have some
lightning bolts that are appearing.
We have a box that's gonna have
the guise here in the background.
But it looks like kinda the same sort
of box that we have down here already,
it's just this one has a background, okay?
We have a big button that goes all the way
across, we have these lightning bolts and
the footer is the same as
what we had before, okay?
So this is what I'm calling
the quote small elements.
I've just put them all
together in a code pen and
we need to work with the styling that
we already have from our medium design,
and then we're gonna modify it a bit
here for our more advanced design.
And then when you get to, I guess this is
desktop, it's gonna look ridiculous, but
don't worry about that.
[LAUGH] Don't let that bother you,
this is not permanent.
So, that is what we're going to do here.
What I've given you to start
with is your beginning code pen.
You'll see that things look
a little bit odd here.
This is some of that lingering styling
from the reviews from our medium design,
right?
I've also given you an image for
the new tour box.
So you can copy that URL, that'll be the
image that we wanna use on the tour box.
And we also have a link to the SVG code
here for the lightning bolt, makes sense?
Okay, so where are we gonna start is we
are going to start here on this page and
I'm actually gonna ask you guys to
do a little bit of this as well.
So first of all, what I'd like for
you to do is see what you can do about
styling these buttons, photos from the
road and the magenta line official store.
And the way those buttons should look
is basically they are as wide as
the box above them, okay?
And that button might
look familiar to you.
Maybe we have the button kinda
like that already, yeah?
It's a link photos from the road and
the magenta line official store.
So let's give you like five minutes.
See what you can do about styling those
two buttons right here inside of this
code pen.
So go ahead and go.